Hi (insert your name):

At last! Version 1.62. On the disk is the main Archive with the whole BBS in
it, the system file creator and the manual. Spark 2 is also supplied free
with ARCbbs, and you can use this to dearc the v162 file (copy it to
hard disk first, it's quicker then). Spark 2 also needs to be loaded if your
BBS is to use the upload/download messages options as ARCbbs sends commands
to it using wimp messages. Note: the latest version of Spark (2.16) is
supplied, this will also dearc zip's, lzh's, zoo's, tar's and compress files.

Disk 2 contains fidonet bits - these are without docs (you need the PC
binkley docs) and the whole arc (fidokit) is PD. If you want to connect
your BBS to fidonet, you need that file and a lot of effort!

Note that this version has been compiled with C release 4 and hence
requires version 3.75 of the C library (supplied).

Basically, dearc the directory to your hard disk, run createsys to generate
your files (say max of 512 or 1024 users and 2000 files or whatever you
feel necessary). The number of users is generally the maximum you expect to
have - less than 512 isn't usually a good idea, although you CAN expand the
file later if you overrun (ask me how). The file setup just creates the
correct number of directories on the hard disk for the files to go in: NOTE!
The disk MUST be E format as it expects to store 50 files per directory.

Inside the !ARCserver directory look in Misc.Modems to find a control file
for your modem, or create one, and tell the BBS about it in
!ARCserver.!Config. The BBS will now run. Load the user editor by clicking
on the edit user option on the icon bar menu (don't bother following the
arrow). User 0 will be displayed: this is the 'default user': all new users
are cloned from this so this must be setup to the default userlevels, flags,
etc you want a new user to posess. A 'time' value of (say) 30 minutes is fine,
and make sure you set the 'level' to greater than zero otherwise no new
users will be able to gain access to the BBS - userlevel 0 means 'barred'.
(make sure you set the 'in use' box before writing user 0!

Now you should be able to logon locally as a new user (click on the 'local
logon' option) - you will be given usernumber 1. Then, using the user
editor, edit user 1 to have the sysop flag set and appropriate time limits,
ratios, etc. Then, all you have to do is use the area editor to create the
various filebase/message areas you want and you're away! When you have your
basic system up & running then you can edit your menu structure: it's best
to leave this until you have working message and filebases though!

Hugo
